Death is not the greatest loss in life. The greatest loss is what dies inside us while we live.
While I thought that I was learning how to live, I have been learning how to die.
If we lose love and self respect for each other, this is how we finally die.
I don't fear death so much as I fear its prologues: loneliness, decrepitude, pain, debilitation, depression, senility. After a few years of those, I imagine death presents like a holiday at the beach.
I believe that imagination is stronger than knowledge. That myth is more potent than history. That dreams are more powerful than facts. That hope always triumphs over experience. That laughter is the only cure for grief. And I believe that love is stronger than death.
Absolute silence leads to sadness. It is the image of death.
It is not death that a man should fear, but he should fear never beginning to live.
For life and death are one, even as the river and the sea are one.
Death and love are the two wings that bear the good man to heaven.
I love those who can smile in trouble, who can gather strength from distress, and grow brave by reflection. 'Tis the business of little minds to shrink, but they whose heart is firm, and whose conscience approves their conduct, will pursue their principles unto death.
Death may be the greatest of all human blessings.
Everybody wants to go to heaven, but nobody wants to die.
The dead cannot cry out for justice. It is a duty of the living to do so for them.
Remembering that I'll be dead soon is the most important tool I've ever encountered to help me make the big choices in life. Because almost everything - all external expectations, all pride, all fear of embarrassment or failure - these things just fall away in the face of death, leaving only what is truly important.
Death is nothing, but to live defeated and inglorious is to die daily.
When your time comes to die, be not like those whose hearts are filled with fear of death, so that when their time comes they weep and pray for a little more time to live their lives over again in a different way. Sing your death song, and die like a hero going home.
Cowards die many times before their deaths; the valiant never taste of death but once.
The life of the dead is placed in the memory of the living.
Don't send me flowers when I'm dead. If you like me, send them while I'm alive.
A revolution is a struggle to the death between the future and the past.
Life and death are one thread, the same line viewed from different sides.
Yes, people pull the trigger - but guns are the instrument of death. Gun control is necessary, and delay means more death and horror.
In this world nothing can be said to be certain, except death and taxes.
I would rather die a meaningful death than to live a meaningless life.
No matter how devastating our struggles, disappointments, and troubles are, they are only temporary. No matter what happens to you, no matter the depth of tragedy or pain you face, no matter how death stalks you and your loved ones, the Resurrection promises you a future of immeasurable good.
As a well-spent day brings happy sleep, so a life well spent brings happy death.
Heavy hearts, like heavy clouds in the sky, are best relieved by the letting of a little water.
Some days are just bad days, that's all. You have to experience sadness to know happiness, and I remind myself that not every day is going to be a good day, that's just the way it is!
It's sad to know I'm done. But looking back, I've got a lot of great memories.
The good times of today, are the sad thoughts of tomorrow.
Tears come from the heart and not from the brain.
Let my soul smile through my heart and my heart smile through my eyes, that I may scatter rich smiles in sad hearts.
It's sad when someone you know becomes someone you knew.
I am closest to my mother, as she is my rock, my pillar of strength, and my world. Not only has she stood by me through all times - happy, sad, and otherwise - but there have even been moments when I had completely lost hope, and her immense belief in me had lifted me up.
The word 'happy' would lose its meaning if it were not balanced by sadness.
Never make a decision when you are upset, sad, jealous or in love.
Grief is never something you get over. You don't wake up one morning and say, 'I've conquered that; now I'm moving on.' It's something that walks beside you every day. And if you can learn how to manage it and honour the person that you miss, you can take something that is incredibly sad and have some form of positivity.
First, accept sadness. Realize that without losing, winning isn't so great.
There is a sacredness in tears. They are not the mark of weakness, but of power. They speak more eloquently than ten thousand tongues. They are the messengers of overwhelming grief, of deep contrition, and of unspeakable love.
Depression is the inability to construct a future.
It's time to say goodbye, but I think goodbyes are sad and I'd much rather say hello. Hello to a new adventure.
When you wake up each morning, you can choose to be happy or choose to be sad. Unless some terrible catastrophe has occurred the night before, it is pretty much up to you. Tomorrow morning, when the sun shines through your window, choose to make it a happy day.
I do believe that if you haven't learnt about sadness, you cannot appreciate happiness.
Crying is cleansing. There's a reason for tears, happiness or sadness.
Your pain is the breaking of the shell that encloses your understanding.
Everyone can have their heart broken. Even if you know the relationship isn't working, it's still sad. Even in a bad relationship, they're part of your life for a long time, and saying goodbye to that can be difficult.
Nobody understands another's sorrow, and nobody another's joy.
The walls we build around us to keep sadness out also keeps out the joy.
When you feel sad, it's okay. It's not the end of the world. Everyone has those days when you doubt yourself, and when you feel like everything you do sucks, but then there's those days when you feel like Superman. It's just the balance of the world. I just write to feel better.
Nothing is more sad than the death of an illusion.
A teardrop on earth summons the King of heaven.
Red is the ultimate cure for sadness.
Failure will never overtake me if my determination to succeed is strong enough.
Success is the result of perfection, hard work, learning from failure, loyalty, and persistence.
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.
There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure.
Success is not a good teacher, failure makes you humble.
Failure is simply the opportunity to begin again, this time more intelligently.
Think like a queen. A queen is not afraid to fail. Failure is another steppingstone to greatness.
Sometimes by losing a battle you find a new way to win the war.
Remember your dreams and fight for them. You must know what you want from life. There is just one thing that makes your dream become impossible: the fear of failure.
Failure is the key to success; each mistake teaches us something.
Nothing in this world can take the place of persistence. Talent will not: nothing is more common than unsuccessful men with talent. Genius will not; unrewarded genius is almost a proverb. Education will not: the world is full of educated derelicts. Persistence and determination alone are omnipotent.
Success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm.
Honesty is the fastest way to prevent a mistake from turning into a failure.
I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work.
A man who has never made a woman angry is a failure in life.
Your personal life, your professional life, and your creative life are all intertwined. I went through a few very difficult years where I felt like a failure. But it was actually really important for me to go through that. Struggle, for me, is the most inspirational thing in the world at the end of the day - as long as you treat it that way.
At the end of the day, you are solely responsible for your success and your failure. And the sooner you realize that, you accept that, and integrate that into your work ethic, you will start being successful. As long as you blame others for the reason you aren't where you want to be, you will always be a failure.
I can accept failure, everyone fails at something. But I can't accept not trying.
You build on failure. You use it as a stepping stone. Close the door on the past. You don't try to forget the mistakes, but you don't dwell on it. You don't let it have any of your energy, or any of your time, or any of your space.
There can be no failure to a man who has not lost his courage, his character, his self respect, or his self-confidence. He is still a King.
It's fine to celebrate success but it is more important to heed the lessons of failure.
The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.
Without failure there is no achievement.
Remembering that I'll be dead soon is the most important tool I've ever encountered to help me make the big choices in life. Because almost everything - all external expectations, all pride, all fear of embarrassment or failure - these things just fall away in the face of death, leaving only what is truly important.
Leadership is solving problems. The day soldiers stop bringing you their problems is the day you have stopped leading them. They have either lost confidence that you can help or concluded you do not care. Either case is a failure of leadership.
Winning is great, sure, but if you are really going to do something in life, the secret is learning how to lose. Nobody goes undefeated all the time. If you can pick up after a crushing defeat, and go on to win again, you are going to be a champion someday.